Please!
Please listen to me!
I was wrong!
I'm sorry!
I'm really sorry!
Let's kiss!
Huh?!
I'll pull out of this job!
I'll quit being a curse user, too!
Let's kiss!
C'mon, kiss!
Of course I'll quit Q, too!
I know! I'll go back to the
countryside and farm rice!
I know you can hear me!
Like a curse user could cut it as a farmer.
You can hear me!
Damn student acting all condescending!
Lick, lick.
But Bayer-san is here, too!
He's Q's strongest combatant!
Lick, lick.
He'll take care of you and these things!
Hey.
Is this your "Bayer"?
Huh?
That's him.
Departure of Top Combatant, Bayer,
Leads to Organization's Collapse
"Q"
And all the boats are off at once.
From the inside, we have Numbers
1, 2, 4, 5, 3, and 6 starting the race.
They're off with a beautiful straight shot.
And just what are you doing after
suddenly disappearing on me?
Getting more money.
I've never seen you win once.
What about your job?
Oh, give it a rest.
You're talking like I'm unemployed.
Because you are.
As a mediator, it's my duty to report
how the job's going to the client.
I'm up against the Gojo clan's kid.
I wouldn't be able to do anything
if I just popped up in front of him.
I have to wear him down
using some idiots first.
You go do your own damn job.
Already did, dumbass.
What were you thinking,
letting go of the entire deposit?
I told you, wearing him down.
Don't you worry. All that
money will come back to me.
Just like with this race.
Number 6, Hateno, crosses the line first!
Number 1, Doguchi, finishes next!
Following them in third is Number 2, Matsuda.
In fourth is Number 4, Nakaoka.
Tsk.
You're not cut out for making easy money.
In fifth is Number 3, Tanaka.
In sixth is Number 5,
Okazaki, finishing last!
You're not cut out for making easy money.
In sixth is Number 5,
Okazaki, finishing last!
Number 6, Hateno, has given us an amazing
comeback to watch in his first race!
I'm counting on you, Sorcerer Killer.
Number 6, Hateno, has given us an amazing
comeback to watch in his first race!
That was our third race of the day.
Oh, right.
How's Megumi doing?
Who's that?
Episode 26
Hidden Inventory 2
JUJUTSU KAISEN
Hidden Inventory/Premature Death
Should we get her to a doctor?
I wish I could use reverse
cursed energy like Shoko.
Yeah, that's impossible.
I can't understand a word she says about it.
You go "fwoo," then "hyoi."
Fwoo, hyoi. Get it?
You've got no sense for this.
You're awake.
You scum!
If you want to kill me,
you'll be the one to die first!
Riko-chan, calm down.
We're not with the group that attacked you.
Liar!
You have the face of a liar!
Your bangs are weird, too!
Grind
This is disrespectful!
P-Please stop it!
Grind
This is disrespectful!
P-Please stop it!
Kuroi!
Grind
Young lady, these men are our allies.
Kuroi, what are you riding on?
This is thanks to Bangs Guy's technique.
Could you please not call me that?
It's Curse Manipulation.
As the name suggests, I can absorb
and manipulate cursed spirits.
This brat is more aggressive
than I expected.
I was trying to figure out
how to be considerate,
thinking she'd be more sentimental
about the assimilation thing.
Hmph!
A commoner's way of thinking!
Huh?!
Listen up!
Tengen-sama is me, and I am Tengen-sama!
Some might mistake
assimilation for death, as you do,
but there's a big difference!
I might become Tengen-sama
through the assimilation,
but Tengen-sama will also become me!
My will! My heart!
My soul will continue to live
on after the assimilation!
You changed your home screen?
To Inoue Waka.
Listen to me!
I bet you don't have many
friends if you talk like that.
We won't have to feel bad sending you off.
I talk normally at school!
School!
Kuroi, what time is it?!
It's not yet noon. But I think going to school—
Be quiet!
I said I'm going, and I'm going!
Huh?!
Surely it'd be safer to head
back to Jujutsu High at once!
As much as I want to do that,
this is an order from Tengen-sama.
He said to fulfill all of
Amanai Riko's demands.
Tsk.
Lax upbringing at its finest.
Don't be like that, Satoru.
Despite what she may say,
after the assimilation, she'll spend
her whole life as Tengen-sama
in the deepest floor of Jujutsu High,
as the foundation of all barriers.
She won't be able to see her friends,
family, or anyone precious to her ever again.
Riko!
Our next class is in a different room.
Okay!
Let her do what she wants.
That's part of our mission.
Riko-sama has no family.
They were in an accident when she was little.
I've taken care of her ever since then.
So I want her to at least have
what time she can with her friends.
So you're her family, then.
Yes.
Suguru.
How're the cursed spirits you
sent to watch over her?
I just wish I could share my senses
with them like Mei-san does.
Even so, they'll let us know as
soon as anything unusual happens.
Satoru.
Hurry to Riko-chan's side.
Huh?
Two have been exorcised.
Who will be the ace of the next generation?
This will be an important match
to help us find out.
Number 6's final position
is finally starting to solidify.
Now, the fifth race, the one all eyes
are focused on, is about to begin.
Amanai Riko
Renchoku Girls' Academy
#DEAD OR ALIVE
Middle School Second-year
DEAD OR ALIVE
Time Remaining
JUJUTSU KAISEN
Where's Amanai?!
She has music this period,
so either the music room or the chapel.
Chapel?!
It changes depending on what
the music teacher wants.
Also, this is a missionary school.
Satoru, you take the chapel.
Kuroi-san, take the music room.
I'll take the two unknowns.
Roger that.
I told you not to follow me!
What if my friends see you?!
I'm sorry.
I even told her to text us
when she was on the move.
This is why I told that brat to stay within
eyeshot so we could protect her!
And they're off.
Numbers 1 and 2 make a good start,
favoring the inside.
Number 3 trails a bit behind.
What?
Taking the lead at the first mark of
the first lap is Number 2, Yamazaki.
What?
Taking the lead at the first mark of
the first lap is Number 2, Yamazaki.
They didn't go back to Jujutsu High?
Taking the lead at the first mark of
the first lap is Number 2, Yamazaki.
Lucky me.
Taking the lead at the first mark of
the first lap is Number 2, Yamazaki.
Behind him is Number 1, Masaki.
Lucky me.
They're followed by Number 3, Kawano.
Now the ones drawn to the bounty will
be reasonable fools instead of just fools.
They're followed by Number 3, Kawano.
Then comes Number 4, Nomiya, Number 5,
Mifune, and in last is Number 6, Funegi.
Now the ones drawn to the bounty will
be reasonable fools instead of just fools.
Are you sure?
Then comes Number 4, Nomiya, Number 5,
Mifune, and in last is Number 6, Funegi.
About what?
Then comes Number 4, Nomiya, Number 5,
Mifune, and in last is Number 6, Funegi.
The bounty is the thirty-million deposit
that the Star Religious Group paid you.
If they kill the Star Plasma Vessel,
the deposit is gone,
and worst-case, you might not
get the full reward, either.
They might start saying
they could have posted
a bounty from the start
instead of hiring you.
Gojo Satoru is with the girl.
He's the first in several
centuries to possess both
the Six Eyes and the Limitless technique.
No one can kill the Star Plasma
Vessel as long as he's nearby.
Not even you?
Number 3, Kawano,
is making a rushing comeback!
He's pulled into first place!
Who knows?
He's managed to take the lead twice now.
For now, we'll leave the bounty
up for another 47 hours,
He's managed to take the lead twice now.
This race has been
filled with ups and downs.
For now, we'll leave the bounty
up for another 47 hours,
Can Number 3, Kawano,
defend his position at the top?
and let the fools wear down Gojo
and the sorcerers with him.
Can Number 3, Kawano,
defend his position at the top?
The race is now entering its third lap.
and let the fools wear down Gojo
and the sorcerers with him.
Hey!
Hold it right there!
Nah, never mind.
They won't be able to kill the
Star Plasma Vessel, of course,
so they're working for free.
It's a good thing you put
that time limit on it.
The curse users are
quickly flocking to them.
That's not the only reason.
Eh?
Just talking to myself.
What?!
Number 3, Kawano, just lost his balance,
and Number 2, Yamazaki, is passing him!
Number 3 has drifted far to the outside,
I'll head out soon enough.
but he's righted his boat
and is chasing after them!
Looks like things are developing
faster than I expected.
but he's righted his boat
and is chasing after them!
But there is now a considerable
gap between them!
Make sure you get that
thirty million back for me.
But there is now a considerable
gap between them!
Make sure you get that
thirty million back for me.
Number 2, Yamazaki, crosses the goal first!
Number 5, Mifune, crosses next.
Don't be ridiculous.
Number 1, Masaki, crosses next, followed by Number 3, Kawano.
This wasn't your average
anonymous message board.
There are posting fees, handling fees, and—
Following them is Number 4, Nomiya, and last is Number 6, Funegi.
Signal's dropping.
There are posting fees, handling fees, and—
Following them is Number 4, Nomiya, and last is Number 6, Funegi.
Hey!
That bastard.
Are the unknowns remnants of Q?
This will be a little troublesome if they've
been sent by the Star Religious Group.
That uniform...
As soon as he saw the Jujutsu High
uniform, he anticipated a fight against
multiple opponents and set
shikigami in front of and behind him.
He's experienced.
No catalyst?!
Their cursed energy is different
from the sorcerer's, too.
It couldn't be...
Curse Manipulation?!
Correct.
Living a long life has its perks, I see.
Nah, it's not worth
living too long, you know.
It costs money just to stay alive.
His cursed technique is stronger than mine.
However, he thinks like
a typical shikigami user.
Add his youth on top of that,
and I can tell exactly what he's thinking.
I knew it.
Types like him never
step forward themselves.
Close combat is his weakness!
Plus, he thinks a shikigami user
like me would never get close to him.
He's someone who hates close
combat, and he isn't wary of it.
No one is easier to kill.
Looks like you're thinking up lots of plans,
but there's no point.
What?!
Those first two were to prevent
me from anticipating this?!
Now, that leaves one more.
You're mine!
Tasuke? Is that you, Tasuke?
My parents used all their time and money
on my well-behaved little brother.
They thought I was creepy
because I could see the unseen.
But Tasuke was my one and only friend,
who interacted with me without such fear.
It's been a long time.
Has it been over 50 years already?
Since the day you died—
I see now!
My life flashed before my eyes!
You lured me in!
Well, yeah.
You were itching to get in
close that whole time, right?
Those with a set means of victory
will easily jump on the chance
when you give them that opening.
More importantly, are you with Q?
Or the Star Religious Group?
Amanai!
Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wha...
What?!
Riko, you have a boyfriend?!
No! He's a cousin! Just a cousin!
You're a smooth operator.
I told you, he's not!
A high schooler?! He's so tall!
Hey, mister!
Take off your sunglasses!
Squee! He's so hot!
Squee!
Such long lashes!
Hey.
Why are your eyes blue?
Could you pose for me?
Hey! Quit getting carried away!
All right, everyone! Quiet down!
This is disgraceful!
You know you're curious
about him, too, Sensei!
Yeah.
This is inappropriate.
Even if you are a relative,
you can't just barge in.
Oh, you'll have to forgive me.
It was an emergency.
Also, here. My phone number.
Hey! That's against the rules!
GRAAAH
Shut up! You don't get many chances
to meet people as a teacher!
The same is true for us, too!
I can't believe you're into younger men!
I've lost respect for you!
What?! You dissin' Hikaru Genji?!
What a lively school.
You idiot! I told you not to show
yourself before my friends!
Curse users attacked. Figure out the rest.
I'm floating?!
We're heading to Jujutsu High now.
You don't want you friends to
get caught up in this, do you?
Is that the thirty million?
The one with her is another sorcerer?
Her bodyguard, too, I bet.
What a sweet deal.
Thirty million for killing a kid
who's not even a sorcerer.
Maybe I'll have eel tonight?
Food always tastes best
after killing someone.
Are you from the Star Religious Group?
The people in Q wore even weirder outfits.
Are you a rookie?
If you're killing someone, do it without talking.
Too slow.
Don't you dare take anything from that girl.
I'll kill you.
What's this?
Well, aren't you strong?
Where's Riko-chan?
She left the school with Gojo-sama.
Then we should head that way, too.
This has gotten a bit troublesome.
So that really was the thirty million earlier.
A shikigami?!
No, it's not quite the same as a shikigami.
Satoru.
There's a bounty of thirty
million on Amanai's head?
Yeah. It was posted on an
underground site for curse users.
Apparently, the time limit is
11 AM the day after tomorrow.
Now things make sense.
Two, three, four... They all look the same.
Are they shikigami?
Jeez... And jujutsu sorcerers are
short-handed all year round.
If you want to change jobs,
we'll welcome you, old man.
Nah, public employment
ain't easy work, either.
Just hand over that brat and we'll be fine.
There's more! Five of them now!
What's so great about this brat?
What did you just do?
The shikigami isn't disappearing!
Which is the real one?!
They're not shikigami.
They're clones.
And each one is the real one.
The hell is this?!
Infinity.
It's Achilles and the Tortoise.
Huh?!
It's important to study, you know.
Yours is a cloning technique that allows
a maximum of five, including the original.
And you're always free to decide which
of the clones is the main body, right?
So if your main body is in danger,
you make a safe clone the main body.
That's a nice technique you have there.
I don't understand why you're so weak.
Are you unable to produce a clone
for a while after it's destroyed?
How do you know what my technique is?
Unfortunately for you,
I have good eyes.
You see, my technique
is like a convergent
series of infinite numbers.
Anything that approaches me
grows slower and slower,
and ultimately, it fails to ever reach me.
When I amplify my Limitless technique,
I get what you might call
a negative natural number.
It basically creates a
single imaginary apple.
Doing so causes everything around to
get sucked into that space, like you saw.
Though it's surprisingly inconvenient.
I can't create too large
a reaction near myself,
and if I start worrying
about the vectors, too,
controlling the cursed
energy becomes a real pain.
Basically, it's super exhausting.
But that's all just the proper
operation of the technique.
Protect your head.
This next one is the divergence of infinity.
My reverse cursed technique,
Red!
I failed!
I really thought I could do it that time.
Is this guy for real?
It's from Kuroi.
Wh-What do we do?!
Kuroi has...
Kuroi has been...
I've always thought the voices
of young people should be heard,
so I've voted in every election,
but now I'm debating how long it's actually
okay to consider myself a young person.
Next Episode
Hidden Inventory 3
Next time, "Hidden Inventory 3"!
Be sure to watch!
Next Episode
Hidden Inventory 3
Exactly how old are you, Kuroi?
Next Episode
Hidden Inventory 3
It's a sekwet!
Next Episode
Hidden Inventory 3
Oh, how cute!
Next Episode
Hidden Inventory 3